Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W.C. Bennett
Let's all show human CONCERN for REVERAND MOON's legal difficulties!!
modesty, n.:
	Being comfortable that others will discover r greatness.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one man, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
- General James Gavin
Beware the one behind .
The one L lama, he's a priest
The two L llama, he's a beast
And I will bet my silk pyjama
There isn't any three L lllama.
		-- O. Nash, to which a fire chief rep that occasionally
		his department responded to something like a "three L lllama."
I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens
who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known
something of what has been passing in their time.
		-- H. Truman
If  took all the nts that felt asleep in class and laid them end to
end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"
You're using a keyboard!  How quaint!
i'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings
I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe
		Hard Copies and Chmod

And everyone thinks comters are impersonal
cold diskdrives hardware monitors
user-hostile software 

of course they're only bits and bytes 
and characters and strings 
and files

just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend
telling me he loves me and
he'll take care of me

simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory
deep intimate secrets and
how he doesn't trust me

couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould
on personal stationery
		-- terri@csd4.milw.wisc.edu
"What man has done, man can aspire to do."
-- Jerry Pournelle, about space flight
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
		-- Charles Duell, Director of U.S. Patent Office, 1899
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpolar.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
Banacek's Eighteenth Polish Proverb:
	The hippo has no sting, but the wise man would rather be sat upon
	by the bee.
Brain dae is all in r head.
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
		-- Wernher von Braun
There are three things I have always loved and never understood --
art, music, and women.
If God had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to invent it.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
		-- Woody Allen
QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."
The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second per second.
Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
	-- P.J. O'Rourke
The Worst Musical Trio
	There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at
a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their
instrument.  This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian
gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated
violinist.  Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite
unhampered by great musical talent.
	Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a blic
concert.  "His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm."  Although
Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau
in Paris.  However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
	"Then  must accompany him on the piano," said the boy's father,
"and it will be a sell out."
	Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.  On the night an excited
audience gathered.  Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and
asked for someone to turn his pages.
	In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who
volunteered and made his way to the stage.
	The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the
music critic of Le Figaro wrote: "There was a strange concert at the Salle
Gaveau last night.  The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played
the piano.  Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Never appeal to a man's "better nature."  He may not have one.
Invoking his self-interest gives  more leverage.
		-- Lazarus Long
The Commandments of the EE:

 (9)	T thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
(10)	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
(11)	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing , thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.
(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond 
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.
"I didn't know it was impossible when I did it."
Dijkstra probably hates me
(Linus Torvalds, in kernel/sched.c)
"Ninety percent of baseball is h mental."
-- Yogi Berra
Kill Ugly Radio
- Frank Zappa
Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Among the lucky,  are the chosen one.
Gil-galad was an Elven-king.
Of him the harpers sadly sing:
the last whose realm was fair and free
between the Mountains and the Sea.

His sword was long, his lance was keen,
his shining helm afar was seen;
the countless stars of heaven's field
were mirrored in his silver shield.

But long ago he rode ,
and where he dwelleth none can say;
for into darkness fell his star
in Mordor where the shadows are.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by re accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
