Some of them want to use you,
Some of them want to be used by you,
...Everybody's looking for something.
		-- Eurythmics
Christmas:
	A day set apart by some as a time for turkey, presents, cranberry 
	salads, family get-togethers; for others, noted as having the best
	response time of the entire year.
I could dance with you till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx
"We came.  We saw.  We kicked its ass."
-- Bill Murray, _Ghostbusters_
For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali
I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.
If a man had a child who'd gone anti-social, killed perhaps, he'd still
tend to protect that child.
		-- McCoy, " Ultimate Computer", stardate 4731.3
Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."
Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak!
		-- Bullwinkle Moose
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham
Most people have two reasons for doing anything -- a good reason, and
the real reason.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE!
	FEAR! FIRE! FOES!
		AWAKE! AWAKE!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
"We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!"
		-- Vroomfondel
Climate and Surgery
	R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who
received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at
the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the
day before -- walking several blocks at a time.  To those who design to be
riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially
recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 11, 1861
Schlattwhapper, n.:
	 window shade that allows itself to be pulled down,
	hesitates for a second, then snaps up in your face.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
re are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.
"It's when they say 2 + 2 = 5 that I begin to argue."
-- Eric Pepke
"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is
any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's
existence.  But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be
that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a
thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's
horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.  Nor does "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that
Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only
have wings by not being Walter's horse.

I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P
then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand
for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is
necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a
better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
		-- A.N. Prior, "Time and Modality"
Default, n.:
	 hardware's, of course.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."
"At least they're ___________EXPERIENCED incompetents"
I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours.  Great song.
		-- Fred Reuss
Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
	Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.
Yow!  Am I in Milwaukee?
 worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- G.B. Shaw
ANN JILLIAN'S HAIR makes LONI ANDERSON'S HAIR look like RICARDO
MONTALBAN'S HAIR!
Speer's 1st Law of Proofreading:
	 visibility of an error is inversely proportional to the
	number of times you have looked at it.
Love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult.
A Hen Brooding Kittens
	A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county,
a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three
kittens!   gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring
says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that
she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past.   young
felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at
her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, July 2, 1861
"I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!  This is what
entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils."
		-- Calvin and Hobbes, Bill Wson
Here we are in America ... when do we collect unemployment?
 District of Columbia has a law forbidding you to exert pressure on
a balloon and thereby cause a whistling sound on the streets.
God grant me the senility to accept the things I cannot change,
 frustration to try to change things I cannot affect,
and the wisdom to tell the difference.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
QOTD:
	"What do you mean, you had the dog fixed?   Just what made you
	think he was broken!"
Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.
Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers,  Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants
About the only thing we have left that actually discriminates in favor of
the plain people is the stork.
	Everthing is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	re is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everbody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	 material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.   12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  y are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On  the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I gd at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"
Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.
 good time is approaching,
 season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
 frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, " Sporting News", 1886
 propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F.H. Bradley
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana. - Jessie in the movie "Greaser's Palace"
Humor in the Court:
Q.  Mrs. Jones, is your appearance this morning pursuant to a deposition 
    notice which I sent to your attorney?
A.  No.  This is how I dress when I go to work.
	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J.F. Traub
A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders.  lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."
Holy Dilemma!  Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?

	Tune in again tomorrow:
	same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
You can have a dog as a friend.  You can have whiskey as a friend.  But
if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing
your dog.
		-- foolin' around
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying
as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, " Last Unicorn"
I BET WHEN NEANDERTHAL KIDS would make a snowman, someone would always
end up saying, "Don't forget the thick heavy brows."  n they would get
embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and
they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
		-- Jack Handley,  New Mexican, 1988.
A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
		-- Helen Rowland
