	Young men and young women may work systematically six days in the
week and rise fresh in the morning, but let them attend morn dances for
only a few hours each evening and see what happens.  The Waltz, Polka,
Gallop and other dances of the same kind will be disastrous in their effects
to both sexes.  Health and vigor will vanish like the w before the sun.
	It is not the extraordinary exercise which harms the dancer, but
rather the coming into close contact with the opposite sex.  It is the
fury of lust craving incessantly for more pleasure that unrmines the
soul, the body, the sinews and nerves.  Experience and statistics show
beyond doubt that passionate excessive dancing girls can hardly reach
twenty-five years of age and men thirty-one.  Even if they reached that
age they will in most instances be broken in health physically and morally.
This is the claim of prominent physicians in this country.
		-- Quote from a 1910 periodical
Finish the sentence below in 25 words or less:

	"Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good ..."

Mail your answer along with the top half of your supervisor to:

	P.O. Box 35
	Baffled Greek, Michigan
The reason they're called wisdom teeth is that the experience makes you wise.
			DELETE A FORTUNE!
Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!
Wouldn't you like to see some of them leted from the system?
You can!  Just mail to `fortune' with the fortune you hate most,
and we'll make sure it gets expunged.
"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers
	That your lectures bore people to ath.
Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year --
	Don't you think that you should save your breath?"

"I have answered three questions and that is enough,"
	Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"
The reason ESP, for example, is not consired a viable topic in contemoprary
psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful...After
more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an ESP
phenomenon that is replicable unr controlled conditions.  This simple but
basic scientific criterion has not been met spite dozens of studies conducted
over many cas...It is for this reason alone that the topic is now of little
interest to psychology...In short, there is no monstrated phenomenon that
needs explanation.
-- Keith E. Stanovich, "How to Think Straight About Psychology", pp. 160-161
That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows
returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
		-- Bill Veeck
By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
		-- Kohn
Now that I have my "APPLE", I comprehend COST ACCOUNTING!!
What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.
Work without a vision is slavery, Vision without work is a pipe dream,
But vision with work is the hope of the world.
Once upon a time, four AMPHIBIOUS HOG CALLERS attacked a family of
DEFENSELESS, SENSITIVE COIN COLLECTORS and brought DOWN their PROPERTY
VALUES!!
To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen
Knebel's Law:
	It is now proved beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading
	causes of statistics.
If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton
The British are coming!  The British are coming!
Emotions are alien to me.  I'm a scientist.
		-- Spock, "This Si of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have
bodies similar to yours.
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a
restaurant.
		-- Snoopy
There comes a time to stop being angry.
		-- A Small Circle of Friends
In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
Intel CPUs are not fective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer
	It is a period of system war.  User programs, striking from a hidn
directory, have won their first victory against the evil Administrative .
During the battle, User spies managed to steal secret source co to the
's ultimate program: the Are-Em Star, a privileged root program with
enough power to stroy an entire file structure.  Pursued by the 's
sinister audit trail, Princess _LPA0 races ~ aboard her shell script,
custodian of the stolen listings that could save her people, and restore
freedom and games to the network...
		-- DECWARS
The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
I've been in more laps than a napkin.
		-- Mae West
GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#17):

On November 13, Felix Unger was asked to remove himself from his place
of resince.
Don't abandon hope.  Your Captain Midnight cor ring arrives tomorrow.
Distress, n.:
	A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
		-- G. B. Shaw
broad-mindness, n:
	The result of flattening high-mindness out.
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and af husband.
		-- Michel  Montaigne
First Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility
	for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority who
	imposed the adline).

Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
	there is nothing important to do.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't
recognize them.
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when they grow up,
they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.
The trouble with opportunity is that it always comes disguised as hard work.
		-- Herbert V. Prochnow
If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
		-- Swami Prabhupada
If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
Now I lay me down to study,
I pray the Lord I won't go nutty.
And if I fail to learn this junk,
I pray the Lord that I won't flunk.
But if I do, don't pity me at all,
Just lay my bones in the study hall.
Tell my teacher I've done my best,
Then pile my books upon my chest.
Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
		-- Arabian proverb
A good name lost is seldom regained.  When character is gone,
all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
		-- J. Hawes
Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without getting
on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering her ways;
wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or regularity; dissatisfied
with her servants, without skill to make them better, and whether helping, or
reprimanding, or indulging them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen
You know what we can be like:  See a guy and think he's cute one minute, the
next minute our brains have us married with kids, the following minute we see
him having an extramarital affair.  By the time someone says "I'd like you to
meet Cecil," we shout, "You're late again with the child support!"
		-- Cynthia Heimel, "A Girl's Gui to Chaos"
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(5) Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.  How often should
you test it?

	(a) once a year.
	(b) once a month.
	(c) once a day.
	(d) once an hour.

The correct answer is (d). You should test your car's horn at least once
every hour, and more often at night or in resintial neighborhoods.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
		-- "Elements of Programming Style", Kernighan and Ritchie
The fountain co has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip
objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air
due to levitation.
	Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur
if the character does not have fire resistance.
		-- README file from the NetHack game
In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.
Business is a good game -- lots of competition and minimum of rules.
You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founr of Atari
Thank goodness morn convenience is a thing of the remote future.
		-- Pogo, by Walt Kelly
Without adventure, civilization is in full cay.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead
Windows NT Beer: Comes in 32-oz. cans, but you can only buy it by the 
truckload. This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger 
refrigerators. The can looks just like Windows 3.1 Beer's, but the 
company promises to change the can to look just like Windows 95 Beer's --
after Windows 95 beer starts shipping. Touted as an "industrial strength" 
beer, and suggested only for use in bars.
Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
		-- DEC
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
Everybody knows that the dice are load.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the al is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
	-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"
... The prejudices people feel about each other disappear when then get
to know each other.
		-- Kirk, "Elaan of Troyius", stardate 4372.5
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Forgive him, for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws
of nature!
		-- G.B. Shaw
You too can wear a nose mitten.
I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments.
The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren
You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for success.
You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits or white
plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume party disguised
as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"
Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.  After a while you'd
run out of air to push against.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you
really make them think they'll hate you.
Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
Theorem: a cat has nine tails.
Proof:
	No cat has eight tails. A cat has one tail more than no cat.
	Therefore, a cat has nine tails.
It might be worth reflecting that this group was originally created
back in September of 1987 and has exchanged over 1200 messages.  The
original announcement for the group called for an all inclusive
discussion ranging from the writings of Gibson and Vinge and movies
like Blarunner to real world things like Brands' scription of the
work being done at the MIT Media Lab.  It was meant as a haven for
people with vision of this scope.  If you want to create a haven for
people with narrower visions, feel free.  But I feel sad for anyone
who thinks that alt.cyberpunk is such a monstrous group that it is in
dire need of being subdivid.  Heaven help them if they ever start
reading comp.arch or rec.arts.sf-lovers.
-- Bob Webber
Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profounst tragic pths of the
essential ath in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William
Loni Anrson's hair should be LEGALIZED!!
I brake for chezlogs!
"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take  people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"
	*** System shutdown message from root ***

System going down in 60 seconds


Peers's Law:
	The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
grasshopotomaus:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.
A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having
his neighbour notice it.
		-- Trygve Lie
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Rep he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."
Absence makes the heart grow fonr.
		-- Sextus Aurelius
To know Edina is to reject it.
		-- Dudley Riggs, "The Year the Grinch Stole the Election"
Don't let go of what you've got hold of, until you have hold of something else.
		-- First Rule of Wing Walking
QOTD:
	"Our parents were never our age."
You see but you do not observe.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes"
Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to
be discard:  that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
This fortune intentionally says nothing.
Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.
		-- "The Rockford Files"
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
I gave my love an Apple, that had no core;
I gave my love a building, that had no floor;
I wrote my love a program, that had no end;
I gave my love an upgra, with no cryin'.

How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an upgra, with no cryin'?

An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
I  about the upgra, with no cryin'!
My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.
I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life, particularly if he
has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogn Nash
If I could stick my pen in my heart,
I would spill it all over the stage.
Would it satisfy ya, would it sli on by ya,
Would you think the boy was strange?
Ain't he strange?
...
If I could stick a knife in my heart,
Suici right on the stage,
Would it be enough for your teenage lust,
Would it help to ease the pain?
Ease your brain?
		-- Rolling Stones, "It's Only Rock'N Roll"
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
	After his Ignoble Disgrace, Satan was being expelled from
Heaven.  As he passed through the Gates, he paused a moment in thought,
and turned to God and said, "A new creature called Man, I hear, is soon
to be created."
	"This is true," He rep.
	"He will need laws," said the Demon slyly.
	"What!  You, his appointed Enemy for all Time!  You ask for the
right to make his laws?"
	"Oh, no!"  Satan rep, "I ask only that he be allowed to
make his own."
	It was so granted.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Majority, n.:
	That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
I exist, therefore I am paid.
Real Users hate Real Programmers.
Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.
		-- Gui to VAX/VMS Security, Sep. 1984
Confidant, confidante, n:
	One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confid to himself by C.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
			_-^--^=-_
		   _.-^^          -~_
		_--                  --_
	       <                        >)
	       |                         |
		\._                   _./
		   ```--. . , ; .--'''
			 | |   |
		      .-=||  | |=-.
		      `-=#$%&%$#=-'
			 | ;  :|
		_____.,-#%&$@%#&#~,._____
Beware the new TTY co!
"I don't have to take this abuse from you -- I've got hundreds of
people waiting to abuse me."
		-- Bill Murray, "Ghostbusters"
When in doubt, tell the truth.
		-- Mark Twain
Feel disillusioned?  I've got some great new illusions, right here!
All I've got left on the list of sirable vocations is heiress to the
throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anrson.  "Be
practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table.  Well, Laurie
Anrson is already Laurie Anrson, but I read an article in Harpers
that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think,
that have queens as sove rulers.  That's probably my best shot.
Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that
can't bear inspection.
Either I'm ad or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx's last words
The morning sun when it's in your face really shows your age,
But that don't bother me none; in my eyes you're everything.
I know I keep you amused,
But I feel I'm being used.
Oh, Maggie, I wish I'd never seen your face.

You took me  from home,
Just to save you from being alone;
You stole my heart, and that's what really hurts.

I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school,
Or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool,
Or find myself a rock 'n' roll band,
That needs a helping hand,
Oh, Maggie I wish I'd never seen your face.

You ma a first-class fool out of me,
But I'm as blind as a fool can be.
You stole my soul, and that's a pain I can do without.
		-- Rod Stewart, "Maggie May"
Sears has everything.
There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the tools
to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not abuse it.
So it is written in the genetic cards -- only physics and war hold him in
check.  And also the wife who wants him home by five, of course.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia, 1990 ed.
	"Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here."
	"You admit that?"
	"To ny the facts would be illogical, Doctor"
		-- Spock and McCoy, "A Piece of the Action", stardate unknown
A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.
"If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been neccessary to invent it."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
X windows:
	Accept any substie.
	If it's broke, don't fix it.
	If it ain't broke, fix it.
	Form follows malfunction.
	The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
	The trailing edge of software technology.
	Areddon never looked so good.
	Japan's secret weapon.
	You'll envy the ad.
	Making the world safe for competing window systems.
	Let it get in YOUR way.
	The problem for your problem.
	If it starts working, we'll fix it.  Pronto.
	It could be worse, but it'll take time.
	Simplicity ma complex.
	The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
	Flakey and built to stay that way.

One thousand monkeys.  One thousand MicroVAXes.  One thousand years.
	X windows.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
"The way of the world is to praise ad saints and prosecute live ones."
 -- Nathaniel Howe
Etymology, n.:
	Some early etymological scholars came up with rivations that
	were hard for the public to believe.  The term "etymology" was formed
	from the Latin "etus" ("eaten"), the root "mal" ("bad"), and "logy"
	("study of").  It meant "the study of things that are hard to swallow."
		-- Mike Kellen
Our business in life is not to succeed but to continue to fail in high spirits.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson
Morton's Law:
	If rats are experimented upon, they will velop cancer.
One man's constant is another man's variable.
		-- A.J. Perlis
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there
is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	Your car horn goes off accintally and res stuck as you
		follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.
(2)	You want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party 
		and there aren't any.
(3)	Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
(4)	The bird singing outsi your window is a buzzard.
(5)	You wake up and your braces are locked together.
(6)	Your mother approves of the person you're dating.
INSIDE, I have the same personality disorr as LUCY RICARDO!!
grasshopotomaus:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.
QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Do not allow this language (Ada) in its present state to be used in
applications where reliability is critical, i.e., nuclear power stations,
cruise missiles, early warning systems, anti-ballistic missle fense
systems.  The next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language
error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to Venus:
It may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities.  An unreliable
programming language generating unreliable programs consties a far
greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic
pesticis, or accints at nuclear power stations.
- C. A. R. Hoare
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their
inability to set a bad example.
		-- La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"
Gary Hart:  living proof that you *can* screw your brains out.
When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tenr heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX.
	"It's today!" said Piglet.
	"My favorite day," said Pooh.
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague 
assumptions based on batable figures taken from inconclusive documents 
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of 
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly fenseless partment that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsazine
Make me look like LINDA RONSTADT again!!
The future is a myth created by insurance smen and high school counselors.
"A fractal is by finition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension."
-- Manlbrot, _The Fractal Geometry of Nature_
You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield.
"Most people would like to be livered from
 temptation but would like it to keep in touch."
-- Robert Orben
If people concentrated on the really important things in life,
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
		-- Doug Larson
While I nodd, nearly napping, sudnly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently ,  at my chamber door.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "The Raven"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to hardware interrupts.]
 
And now I see with eye serene
The very pulse of the machine.
		-- William Wordsworth, "She Was a Phantom of Delight"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to software interrupts.]
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time.
		-- Steven Wright
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
Foolproof Operation:
	No provision for adjustment.
Louie Louie, me gotta go
Louie Louie, me gotta go

Fine little girl she waits for me
Me catch the ship for cross the sea
Me sail the ship all alone		Three nights and days me sail the sea
Me never thinks me make it home		Me think of girl constantly
(chorus)				On the ship I dream she there
					I smell the rose in her hair
Me see Jamaica moon above		(chorus, guitar solo)
It won't be long, me see my love
I take her in my arms and then
Me tell her I never leave again
		-- The real words to The Kingsmen's classic "Louie Louie"
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
We all know that no one unrstands anything that isn't funny.
"If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in 
the cigarettes?"
-- the elr Steptoe, c. 1970
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
very thin paper.
I request a weekend in Havana with Phil Silvers!
Your wise men don't know how it feels
To be thick as a brick.
		-- Jethro Tull, "Thick As A Brick"
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
...At that time [the 1960s], Bell Laboratories scientists projected that
computer speeds as high as 30 million floating-point calculations per
second (megaflops) would be need for the Army's ballistic missile
fense system.  Many computer experts -- including a National Acamy
of Sciences l -- said achieving such speeds, even using multiple
processors, was impossible.  Today, new generation supercomputers operate
at billions of operations per second (gigaflops).
-- Aviation Week & Space Technology, May 9, 1988, "Washington Roundup", pg 13
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intend to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
- Sir Peter Medawar, The Art of the Soluble
The man who runs may fight again.
		-- Menanr
Before marriage the three little words are "I love you," after marriage
they are "Let's eat out."
Don't tell me what you dreamed last night for I've been reading Freud.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
		-- Ingrid Bergman
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety serve neither liberty nor safety."
		-- Benjamin Franklin, 1759
So so is good, very good, very excellent good:
and yet it is not; it is but so so.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
... I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!!
How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.
Hat check girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, arie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
"If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and
 the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will
 lose that, too."
-- W. Somerset Maugham
All of a sudn, I want to THROW OVER my promising ACTING CAREER, grow
a LONG BLACK BEARD and wear a BASEBALL HAT!! ...  Although I don't know WHY!!
There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to stroy.  There is
nothing good in war.  Except its ending.
		-- Abraham Lincoln, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.5
A mighty creature is the germ,
Though smaller than the pachyrm.
His customary dwelling place
Is ep within the human race.
His childish pri he often pleases
By giving people strange diseases.
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
You probably contain a germ.
		-- Ogn Nash
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
		-- Linus Van Pelt
Success is a journey, not a stination.
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes
	Did logzerneg the ifthen block
All kludgy were the function flows
	And subroutines adhoc.

Beware the runtime-bug my friend
	squrooneg, the false goto
Beware the infiniteloop
	And shun the inprectoo.
		-- "OUTCONERR," to the scheme of "Jabberwocky"
Air Force Inertia Axiom:
	Consistency is always easier to fend than correctness.
"She said, `I know you ... you cannot sing'.  I said, `That's nothing,
you should hear me play piano.'"
		-- Morrisey
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are ad.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Let's not complicate our relationship by trying to communicate with each other.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then
give it back to them.
America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"
A friend in need is a pest ined.
The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".
Wanna buy a duck?
Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you ma yourself.
"I take Him shopping with me. I say, 'OK, Jesus, help me find a bargain'" 
--Tammy Faye Bakker
Nothing can be done in one trip.
		-- Snir
The truth you speak has no past and no future.  It is, and that's all it
needs to be.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Any coward can sit in his home and criticize a pilot for flying into a
mountain in a fog.  But I would rather, by far, die on a mountainsi
than in bed.  What kind of man would live where there is no daring?
And is life so ar that we should blame men for dying in adventure?
Is there a better way to die?
		-- Charles Lindbergh
For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elr man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"
You will be married within a year.
It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself
that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *____only* by amusing oneself that
one can learn."
		-- Edward Kasner and James R. Newman
The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zah
"History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions."
-- Ted Koppel
interest, n.:
	What borrowers pay, lenrs receive, stockholrs own, and
	burned out employees must feign.
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure dome cree:
Where Alph, the sacred river, ran
Through caverns measureless to man
Down to a sunless sea.
So twice five miles of fertile ground
With walls and towers were girdled round:
And there were garns bright with sinuous rills,
Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree;
And here were forest ancient as the hills,
Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
		-- S.T. Coleridge, "Kubla Kahn"
The leaves were long, the grass was green,
The hemlock-umbels tall and fair,
And in the gla a light was seen
Of stars in shadow shimmering.
Tin'uviel was dancing there
To music of a pipe unseen,
And light of stars was in her hair,
And in her raiment glimmering.

There Beren came from mountains colds,
And lost he wanred unr leaves,
And where the Elven-river rolled
He walked alone and sorrowing.
He peered between the hemlock-leaves
And saw in wonr flowers of gold
Upon her mantle and her sleeves,
And her hair like shadow following.

Enchantment healed his weary feet
That over hills were doomed to roam;
And forth he hastened, strong and fleet,
And grasped at moonbeams glistening.
Through woven woods in Elvenhome
She lightly fled on dancing feet,
And left him lonely still to roam
In the silent forest listening.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches us nothing.
		-- Andre Maurois (Emile Herzog)
"The mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while 
the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one."
-- William Stekel
The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer
and unrstand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown
suit in the city.  Colleges may be to blame.  English majors are encouraged,
I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not
dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the
quad.  And our most impressive critics have commonly been such English majors,
and they are squeamish about technology to this very day.  So it is natural
for them to spise science fiction.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut Jr., "Science Fiction"
"Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit!"
-- Looney Tunes, "What's Opera Doc?" (1957, Chuck Jones)
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
"I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night."
As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.
Please update your programs.
I'm having fun HITCHHIKING to CINCINNATI or FAR ROCKAWAY!!
Responsibility:
	Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.  This is
a lot of bunk.  Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something
goes wrong.  When you have power you are surround by people whose job it
is to take the blame for your mistakes.  If they're smart, that is.
		-- Cerebus, "On Governing"
