Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a
crack in your sidewalk?
The bug stops here.
In the land of the dark the Ship of the
Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
		-- Egyptian Book of the Dead
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the
grand fallacy.
		-- Benjamin Stolberg
How much for your women?  I want to buy your daughter... how much for
the little girl?
		-- Jake Blues, "The Blues Brothers"
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.
A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and
exceptional ability in that particular field."
How much for your women?  I want to buy your daughter... how much for
the little girl?
		-- Jake Blues, "The Blues Brothers"
I get up each morning, gather my wits.
Pick up the paper, read the obits.
If I'm not there I know I'm not dead.
So I eat a good breakfast and go back to bed.

Oh, how do I know my youth is all spent?
My get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went.
But in spite of it all, I'm able to grin,
And think of the places my get-up has been.
		-- Pete Seeger
What we do not understand we do not possess.
		-- Goethe
Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
		-- Trollope
"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley
Chicken Little was right.
Travel important today;  Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an argument on
any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and steer clear of me at
parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is
not worth sending.
Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.
Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh
Electrocution, n.:
	Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
		-- Goethe
If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich, 
or famous or both.
The notes blatted  as they rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Where are the calculati that go with a calculated risk?
"Stan and I thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance 
 it ourselves."
-- Martin Fleischmann, co-discoverer of room-temperature fusion (?)
Give me a fish and I will eat today.

Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.
You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery,
are now extinct.
		-- M. Somerset Maugham
Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure
that they're not using it.
"The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.  You might want to mug
someone with it."
		-- M. Devine, Computer Science 340
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20
years ago.  When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors
would eventually be in the milli, someone else said, "Where are they
all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!"

Years later, I went back to the same hotel.  I noticed the room keys had
been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.

There was a computer in every doorknob.
	-- Danny Hillis
Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!
The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."
To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -- it really was -- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skilful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"
"Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help."
I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright
Argue for your limitati, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
Did YOU find a DIGITAL WATCH in YOUR box of VELVEETA?
Didn't I buy a 1951 Packard from you last March in Cairo?
"And they told us, what they wanted...
 Was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance." -- Kate Bush
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 2

proof by cumbersome notation:
	Best done with access to at least four alphabets and special
	symbols.

proof by exhaustion:
	An issue or two of a journal devoted to your proof is useful.

proof by omission:
	'The reader may easily supply the details'
	'The other 253 cases are analogous'
	'...' 

If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we cume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain
Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!
Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Cumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further cideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
	-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual
	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relati were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window...
		-- Mark Isaak, "Jack and the Beanstack"
Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself,
a cold will hang on for a week.
		-- Darrell Huff
Quality control, n.:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.
economics, n.:
	Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J.K. Galbraith.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan.  We may as well think of
rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant.  -- Edmund Burke
His life was formal; his acti seemed ruled with a ruler.
An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."
Serfs up!
		-- Spartacus
A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the
beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.  Immediately,
one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods
like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game
Warden.  After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with
his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the
Game Warden finally caught up to him.
	"Let's see yer fishin' license, boy," the Warden gasped.  The
man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing
license.
	"Well, son", snarled the Game Warden, "You must be about as dumb
as a box of rocks!  You didn't have to run if you have a license!"
	"Yes, sir," replied his victim, "but, well, see, my friend back
there, he don't have one!"
The most delightful day after the one on which you buy a cottage in
the country is the one on which you resell it.
		-- J. Brecheux
Will this never-ending series of PLEASURABLE EVENTS never cease?
In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket.
Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.
What is a magician but a practising theorist?
		-- Obi-Wan Kenobi
COBOL is for mor.
		-- E.W. Dijkstra
A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled,
but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.
"I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5."
He said,"What you need is to grow up, son."
I said,"Growin' up leads to growin' old,
And then to dying, and to me that don't sound like much fun."
		-- John Cougar, "The Authority Song"
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal
power should not become too important in any church.
- Eleanor Roosevelt
Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.
A 'full' life in my experience is usually full only of other people's demands.
job interview, n.:
	The excruciating process during which personnel officers
	separate the wheat from the chaff -- then hire the chaff.
"Can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear?"
    "It does not work that way.  RUN!"
-- Hadji on metaphyics and Mandrake in "Johnny Quest"
Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
Cold hands, no gloves.
nominal egg:
	New Yorkerese for expensive.
"Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance.  It's the thing that makes
 America great.  If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we
 have tolerated the last eight years?"
-- Frank Zappa, Feb 1, 1989
"BYTE editors are men who seperate the wheat from the chaff, and then
 print the chaff."
-- Lionel Hummel (uiucdcs!hummel), derived from a quote by Adlai Stevenson, Sr.
What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
Not enough sand.
With the news that Nancy Reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning
her husband's schedule, and reports of Californians evacuating Los Angeles
on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and
astrologer Michel de Notredame, the image of the U.S. as a scientific and
technological nation has taking a bit of a battering lately.  Sadly, such
happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies.  They are manifestati
of a well-established "anti-science" tendency in the U.S. which, ultimately,
could threaten the country's position as a technological power. . . .  The
manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series
of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur
well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its
industrial equals.  To the degree that it reflects the thinking of a 
significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance
of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching
truth. . . . It is becoming clear that if the U.S. does not pick itself up
soon and devote some effort to educating the young effectively, its hope of
maintaining a semblance of leadership in the world may rest, paradoxically,
with a new wave of technically interested and trained immigrants who do not
suffer from the anti-science disease rampant in an apparently decaying society.
-- Physicist Tony Feinberg, in "New Scientist," May 19, 1988
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.  It should be of the hill,
belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright
Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled with
one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59
Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.
...And no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful
incistencies, excepti, and contradicti.  This is true in religion as
it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the naive.
As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be
advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunately, do us the
same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their 
protestati to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.  My own belief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the
most virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even well-educated Christians
are frustated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure
of Jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.
Such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every
recognized Bible scholar is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas,
resort to formal lying to obscure such reality.
- Steve Allen, comdeian, from an essay in the book "The Courage of 
  Conviction", edited by Philip Berman
disbar, n:
	As distinguished from some other bar.
It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, Founder of McDonald's
		[Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		[Great minds think alike?  Ed.]
Love is sentimental measles.
I KAISER ROLL?!  What good is a Kaiser Roll without a little COLE SLAW
on the SIDE?
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.
Each person has the right to take the subway.
A full belly makes a dull brain.
		-- Ben Franklin

		[and the local candy machine man.  Ed]
All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing
without thinking.
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.  This
means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull that kidnapped
Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero
It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day.  Perhaps
I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it.  I
don't think that I mastered anything beyond the date (which I knew) and
the signature (which I guessed at).  There's a singular and a perpetual
charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its
novelty.  Other letters are read and thrown away and forgotten, but
yours are kept forever -- unread.  One of them will last a reasonable
man a lifetime.
		-- Thomas Aldrich
Everything you know is wrong!
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Can you MAIL a BEAN CAKE?
A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost
According to all the latest reports, there was no truth in any of the
earlier reports.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Sententiae"
Astrology is the sheerest hokum.  This pseudoscience has been around since
the day of the Chaldeans and Babylonians.  It is as phony as numerology,
phrenology, palmistry, alchemy, the reading of tea leaves, and the practice
of divination by the entrails of a goat.  No serious person will buy the
notion that our lives are influenced individually by the movement of
distant planets.  This is the sawdust blarney of the carnival midway.
-- James J. Kilpatrick, Universal Press Syndicate
Money is the root of all wealth.
Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
You are going to have a new love affair.
backups: always in season, never out of style.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
		-- Milton Berle
Physician:  One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
Billy:	Mom, you know that vase you said was handed down from
	generation to generation?
Mom:	Yes?
Billy:	Well, this generation dropped it.
Hi!  You have reached 555-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and
the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.  Please
leave your name and message after the beep...
Custer committed Siouxicide.
The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh?
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot,
Eh?
So shut yer face up and dry yer mucklucks by the fire, eh?
And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh?
They may be cold, but that's okay!  Beer's better that way!
Eh?
		-- A, like, Tribute to the Great White North, eh?
Beauty!
War isn't a good life, but it's life.
		-- Kirk, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
Second Law of Business Meetings:
	If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you
	will pick the wrong one.

Corollary:
	If there is only one way to spell a name,
	you will spell it wrong, anyway.
Prof:    So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data
	 encryption standard and they came up with ...
Student: EBCDIC!"
Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
		-- Michael Joseph, "Observer"
I was born in a barrel of butcher knives
Trouble I love and peace I despise
Wild horses kicked me in my side
Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
		-- Bo Diddley
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.
(Those who have already paid may disregard this cookie).
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon
Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?

-- No?

GOOD!
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
		-- Russian Proverb
nerd pack, n.:
	Plastic pouch worn in breast pocket to keep pens from ing
	clothes.  Nerd's position in engineering hierarchy can be measured
	by number of pens, grease pencils, and rulers bristling	in his pack.
What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"
If only God would give me some clear sign!  Like making a large deposit
in my name at a Swiss bank.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
Q:	How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Only one feat is possible -- not to have run away.
		-- Dag Hammarskjold
Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
"An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a
cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup." - H.L. Mencken
I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine
"The pyramid is opening!"
   "Which one?"
"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
-- The Firesign Theatre
Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal--if you don't use your thumbs.
		-- Tom Lehrer
The best case:	   Get salary from America, build a house in England,
			live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Pretty good case:  Get salary from England, build a house in America,
			live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
The worst case:    Get salary from China, build a house in Japan,
			live with a British wife, and eat American food.
		--Bungei Shunju, a popular Japanese magazine
"I mean, like, I just read your article in the Yale law recipe, on search and
seizure.  Man, that was really Out There."
   "I was so WRECKED when I wrote that..."
-- John Lovitz, as ex-Supreme Court nominee Alan Ginsburg, on SNL
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain
How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"
My darling wife was always glum.
I drowned her in a cask of rum,
And so made sure that she would stay
In better spirits night and day.
Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
"Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin."
-- Michael O'Donohugh
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.
"Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence"
		-- Time Bandits
Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?
All the simple programs have been written.
It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well.
		-- Rene Descartes
To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pige
in New York is that the pige don't shit on each other.
	-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts
Egotism, n:
	Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.

Egotist, n:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
The chat program is in public domain. This is not the GNU public license. If
it breaks then you get to keep both pieces.
(Copyright notice for the chat program)
Do you know the difference between education and experience?  Education
is what you get when you read the fine print; experience is what you get
when you don't.
		-- Pete Seeger
The solution of this problem is trivial and is left as an exercise for
the reader.
Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire
telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull his tail in New
York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you understand this?
And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they
receive them there.  The only difference is that there is no cat."
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest,
Do not cease your single-handed struggle.
Go on, do not rest.
		-- An old Gujarati hymn
And we heard him exclaim
As he started to roam:
"I'm a hologram, kids,
please don't try this at home!'"
		-- Bob Violence
"I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment."
		-- Gotama Buddha
Five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck.
		-- Adolfo Guzman
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux
Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
"Oh, I've seen copies [of Linux Journal] around the terminal room at The
Labs."
(By Dennis Ritchie)
"It's when they say 2 + 2 = 5 that I begin to argue."
-- Eric Pepke
My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked.
		-- Peter Stack, movie review

His performance is so wooden you want to spray him with Liquid Pledge.
		-- John Stark, movie review
Is this really happening?
Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
	Don't worry if it doesn't work right.  If everything did, you'd
	be out of a job.
Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to hackers.  See 
	PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).
We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable
things we did.  I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend
and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
		-- Waldo D.R. Dobbs
Humor in the Court:
Q: What is your relatihip with the plaintiff?
A: She is my daughter.
Q: Was she your daughter on February 13, 1979?
... eighty years later he could still recall with the young pang of his
original joy his falling in love with Ada.
		-- Nabokov
... we must not judge the society of the future by cidering whether or not
we should like to live in it; the question is whether those who have grown up
in it will be happier than those who have grown up in our society or those of
the past.
		-- Joseph Wood Krutch
I'm reporting for duty as a modern person.  I want to do the Latin Hustle now!
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
When does later become never?
They collapsed ... like nuns in the street ... they had no teen
appeal!
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner.  His job
is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan
Ad astra per aspera.
	[To the stars by aspiration.]
Actual war is a very messy business.  Very, very messy business.
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.0
In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away".
		-- Philip K. Dick
Each honest calling, each walk of life, has its own elite, its own aristocracy
based on excellence of performance.  -- James Bryant Conant
Q:	How do you stop an elephant from charging?
A:	Take away his credit cards.
It's a lot of fun being alive ... I wonder if my bed is made?!?
When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX.
1st graffitiist: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiist: Why?
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was
released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers,
Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Pers.
Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw
Dear Sir,
	I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office,  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in public
places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result in the farmers
being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn will cause massive un-
employment in the already severely depressed agricultural industry.
	Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J.P.
	Sevenoaks
		-- Letters To The Editor, The Times of London
"The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make 
empty prophecies.  The danger already exists that mathematicians have made 
a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the 
bonds of Hell."
 -- Saint Augustine
Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressi of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"
