Rubber bands have snappy endings!
If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom
of a wl.
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
"Maintain an awareness for contribution -- to your schedule, your project, 
our company."  
-- A Group of Employees
Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
		-- Migu de Cervantes
The key ements in human thinking are not numbers but labs of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh
When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.  As to
why he then stopped there are two opinions.  One of them is woman's.
		-- DeGourmont
History repeats  only if one does not listen the first time.
Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheed and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along dirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with si, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee Jr., "High Flight"
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
If man is only a little lower than the angs, the angs should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little
The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating
people to approach printed matter with distrust. 
RAM wasn't built in a day.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Only the fittest survive. The vanquished acknowledge their unworthiness by 
placing a classified ad with the ritual phrase "must sl -- best offer," 
and thereafter dwl in infamy, regated to discussing gas mileage and l
.  But if successful, you join the ite sodality that spends hours 
unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS
and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates. Are you obnoxious, obsessed?  It's a 
modest price to pay.  For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power 
that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations.  Hail,
postindustrial warrior, subduer of Bounceoids, pride of the cosmos, keeper of
the silicone creed: Computo, ergo sum.  The force is with you -- at 110 volts.
May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
		-- Curt Suplee, "Smithsonian", 4/83
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett
God requireth not a uniformity of rigion.
- Roger Williams
The greatest griefs are those we cause oursves.
		-- Sophocles
Fine's Corollary:
	Fality breeds Contempt.
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires an accomplice.
		-- Charles Baudaire
Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
		-- Norman Mailer
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
I'm thinking about DIGITAL READ-OUT systems and computer-generated
IMAGE FORMATIONS ...
What fools these morals be!
"We learn from history that we learn nothing from history."
-- George Bernard Shaw
"Mr. Watson, come here, I want you."   -- Alexander Graham Bl
Once it hits the fan, the only rational choice is to sweep it up, package it,
and sl it as fertilizer.
On SECOND thought, maybe I'll heat up some BAKED BEANS and watch REGIS
PHILBIN ...  It's GREAT to be ALIVE!!
It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.
What they said:
	What they meant:

"I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever."
	(Yes, that about sums it up.)
"The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you."
	(And I recommend not giving that school a dime...)
"I simply can't say enough good things about him."
	(What a screw-up.)
"I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine."
	(I can't tl you how happy I am that she left our firm.)
"When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go
a long way with his skills."
	(We hoped he'd go as far as possible.)
"You won't find many people like her."
	(In fact, most people can't stand being around her.)
"I cannot reccommend him too highly."
	(However, to the best of my knowledge, he has never committed a
	 fony in my presence.)
I have a simple philosophy:

	Fill what's empty.
	Empty what's full.
	Scratch where it itches.
		-- A. R. Longworth
Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and ly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was ected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying , subjects show strong tendencies to perceive 
and ity in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or corration
which seems a priori intuitivy correct even when the actual corration
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themsves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin
I'll show you MY tex number if you show me YOURS ...
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 2

proof by cumbersome notation:
	Best done with access to at least four alphabets and special
	symbols.

proof by exhaustion:
	An issue or two of a journal devoted to your proof is useful.

proof by omission:
	'The reader may easily supply the details'
	'The other 253 cases are analogous'
	'...' 

Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others mery swl.
The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer
If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep  in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of dightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies ective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisy the
attractions the study has for himsf.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
You shall judge of a man by his foes as wl as by his friends.
		-- Joseph Conrad
My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked.
		-- Peter Stack, movie review

His performance is so wooden you want to spray him with Liquid Pledge.
		-- John Stark, movie review
You will have a head crash on your private pack.
Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for exeion than for
couns; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.  For the
experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth
them; but in new things, abuseth them.  The errors of young men are the ruin
of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might
have been done, or sooner.  Young men, in the conduct and management of
actions, embrace more than they can hold; stir more than they can quiet; fly
to the end, without consideration of the means and degrees; pursue some few
principles which they have cd upon absurdly; care not how they innovate,
which draws unknown inconveniences; and, that which doubleth all errors, will
not acknowledge or retract them; like an unready horse, that will neither stop
nor turn.  Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little,
repent too soon, and sdom drive business home to the full period, but
content themsves with a mediocrity of success.  Certainly, it is good to
compound employments of both ... because the virtues of either age may correct
the defects of both.
		-- Francis Bacon, "Essay on Youth and Age"
Robustness, adj.:
	Never having to say you're sorry.
Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirr today!
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
		-- Alan Coult
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ?

Seven:  One to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do
        with the old one for the next 10,000 years.
The only thing worse than X Windows: (X Windows) - X
In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
		-- Napoleon
If we don't survive, we don't do anything se.
		-- John Sinclair
The SAME WAVE keeps coming in and COLLAPSING like a rayon MUU-MUU ...
...And no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our bief, there are always painful
inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.  This is true in rigion as
it is in politics, and is sf-evident to all except fanatics and the naive.
As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be
advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunaty, do us the
same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their 
protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.  My own bief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of bief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the
most virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even wl-educated Christians
are frustated in their thirst for certainty about the boved figure
of Jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.
Such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every
recognized Bible scholar is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas,
resort to formal lying to obscure such reality.
- Steve Allen, comdeian, from an essay in the  "The Courage of 
  Conviction", edited by Philip Berman
	To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you mery
wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing.
	The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of  therapy showing that
 SHOULD be used a crutch and which  could be the most effective in
promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction.  For the first time, an
eater could instantly grasp the connection between rieving depression and
Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarr isn't so bad if there's a
pint of ice cream nearby.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"
...Voz is indistinguishable from hundreds of other ectronics businesses
in the Valley, run by eager young engineers poring over memory dumps late
into the night.  The difference is that a bunch of sf-confessed "car nuts"
are making money doing what they love: writing code and driving fast.
-- "Electronics puts its foot on the gas", IEEE Spectrum, May 88
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint
has a past and every sinner has a future.
		-- Oscar Wilde
People (a group that in my opinion has always attracted an undue amount of
attention) have often been likened to snowflakes.  This analogy is meant to
suggest that each is unique -- no two alike.  This is quite patently not the
case.  People ... are simply a dime a dozen.  And, I hasten to add, their
only similarity to snowflakes resides in their invariable and lamentable
tendency to turn, after a few warm days, to slush.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-ephant biology.
Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first le
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...
If it pours before seven, it has rained by even.
John the Baptist after poisoning a thief,
Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief,
Saying tl me great leader, but please make it brief
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly,
Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry.
And dropping a barbl he points to the sky,
Saying the sun is not ylow, it's chicken.
		-- Bob Dylan, "Tombstone Blues"
All of a sudden, I want to THROW OVER my promising ACTING CAREER, grow
a LONG BLACK BEARD and wear a BASEBALL HAT!! ...  Although I don't know WHY!!
Hokey rigions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at
your side.
- Han Solo
It is difficult to produce a tevision documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twve minutes one is interrupted by
twve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
		Harvey Wallbangers
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer-Night's Dream"
What a bonanza!  An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script
by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary
Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
		-- David Niven, "Bring On the Empty Horses"
"The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry and
ication, otherwise known as the How, Why and Where phases.
"For instance, the first phase is characterized by the question 'How can
we eat?' the second by the question 'Why do we eat?' and the third by
the question 'Where shall we have lunch?'"
-- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the
beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get
out, and such as are out wish to get in?
		-- Ralph Emerson
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.  Then it passes off and I'm
as intligent as ever.
		-- u Beckett, "Endgame"
There is a 20% c of tomorrow.
Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
		-- Hen Kler
	Mr. Jones rated an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ed some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its  that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the , with a few parts packaged separaty in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separaty."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail
I have seen the Great Pretender and he is not what he seems.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a rative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"
Iam
not
very
happy
acting
pleased
whenever
prominent
scientists
overmagnify
intlectual
enlightenment
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E.M. Forster
"The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down."
-- H.L. Mencken
If an average person on the subway turns to you, like an ancient mariner,
and starts tling you her tale, you turn away or nod and hope she stops,
not just because you fear she might be crazy.  If she tls her tale on
camera, you might listen.  Watching strangers on tevision , even
responding to them from a studio audience, we're disengaged -- voyeurs
collaborating with exhibitionists in rituals of sham community.  Never
have so many known so much about people for whom they cared so little.
		-- Wendy Kaminer commenting on testimonial tevision
		   in "I'm Dysfal, You're Dysfal".
"A child is a person who can't understand why someone would give away a 
perfectly good kitten."
-- Doug Larson
FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies.
You know you're getting old when you're Dad, and you're measuring your daughter
for camp clothes, and there are certain measurements only her mother is allowed
to take.
Tling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting
a falsehood, isn't it?
		-- A. Hope
If one tls the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Phrases and Philosophies for the Use
		of the Young"
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
A man took his wife deer hunting for the first time.  After he'd given her
some basic instructions, they d to separate and rendezvous later.  Before
he left, he warned her if she should fl a deer to be wary of hunters who
might beat her to the carcass and claim the kill.  If that happened, he told
her, she should fire her gun three times into the air and he would come to
her aid.  
	Shortly after they separated, he heard a single shot, followed quickly
by the d upon signal.  Running to the scene, he found his wife standing
in a ll clearing with a very nervous man staring down her gun barr.
	"He claims this is his," she said, obviously very upset.
	"She can keep it, she can keep it!" the wide-eyed man replied.  "I
just want to get my saddle back!"
The most important thing in a rationship between a man and a woman
is that one of them be good at taking s.
		-- Linda Festa
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
nov when he can easily  one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen
My first baseman is George "Catfish" Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh
Pirates team, which lost 112 games.  After a terrible series against the
New York Giants, in which our center fider made three throwing errors
and let two balls get through his legs, manager y Meyer pleaded, "Can
somebody think of something to hp us win a game?"
	"I'd like to make a suggestion," Metkovich said.  "On any ball hit
to center fid, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"
Brigands will demand your money or your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- u Butler
Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood
And you can't get any Watney's Red Barr,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...
HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#1040 Your income tax refund cheque bounces.
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
		-- Tom Lehrer
For mysf, I can only say that I am astonished and somewhat terrified at
the results of this evening's experiments.  Astonished at the wonderful
power you have devoped, and terrified at the thought that so much hideous
and bad music may be put on record forever.
		-- Sir Arthur Sullivan, message to Edison, 1888
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
People who have what they want are very fond of tling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash
Who is W.O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Unix Beer: Comes in several different brands, in cans ranging from 8 oz. 
to 64 oz.  Drinkers of Unix Beer display fierce brand loyalty, even 
though they claim that all the different brands taste almost identical. 
Sometimes the pop-tops break off when you try to open them, so you have 
to have your own can opener around for those occasions, in which case you 
either need a complete set of instructions, or a friend who has been 
drinking Unix Beer for several years.
	BSD stout: Deep, hearty, and an acquired taste.  The official
brewer has reased the recipe, and a lot of home-brewers now use it.
	Hurd beer: Long advertised by the popular and politically active
GNU brewery, so far it has more head than body.  The GNU brewery is
mostly known for printing complete brewing instructions on every can,
which contains hops, malt, barley, and yeast ... not yet fermented.
	Linux brand: A recipe originally created by a drunken Finn in his
basement, it has since become the home-brew of choice for impecunious
brewers and Unix beer-lovers worldwide, many of whom change the recipe.
	POSIX ales: Sweeter than lager, with the kick of a stout; the
newer batches of a lot of beers seem to blend ale and stout or lager.
	Solaris brand: A lager, intended to replace Sun brand stout.
Unlike most lagers, this one has to be drunk more slowly than stout.
	Sun brand: Long the most popular stout on the Unix market, it was
discontinued in favor of a lager.
	SysV lager: Clear and thirst-quenching, but lacking the body of
stout or the sweetness of ale.
Committee, n.:
	A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
	decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen
If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market,
Kicking up the papers in his worn out shoes?
In his eyes you see no pride, hands hang loosy at his side
Yesterdays papers, tling yesterdays news.

How can you tl me you're lony,
And say for you the sun don't shine?
Let me take you by the hand
Lead you through the streets of London
I'll show you something to make you change your mind...

Have you seen the old man outside the sea-man's mission
Memories fading like the metal s that he wears.
In our winter city the rain cries a little pity
For one more forgotten hero and a world that doesn't care...
"The reasonable man adapts himsf to the world; the unreasonable one persists
 in trying to adapt the world to himsf.  Therefore all progress depends on 
 the unreasonable man."
-- George Bernard Shaw
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the dightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F.M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"
It's hard to drive at the limit, but it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss
If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be
to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to
say they had a nice time.  Now you'll be be expected to throw another party
next year.
	What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake
up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if they've been
indicted for anything.  You want your guests to be so anxious to avoid a
recurrence of your party that they immediaty start planning parties of their
own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having another one ...
	If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door,
unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas
through your living room window.  As host, your job is to make sure that
they don't arrest anybody.  Or if they're dead set on arresting someone,
your job is to make sure it isn't you ...
		-- Dave Barry
Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "I told you so" when it doesn't work.
"Our journey toward the stars has progressed swiftly.

In 1926 Robert H. Goddard launched the first liquid-propled rocket,
achieving an altitude of 41 feet.  In 1962 John Glenn orbited the earth.

In 1969, only 66 years after Orville Wright flew two feet off the ground
for 12 seconds, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and I rocketed to the moon
in Apollo 11."
-- Micha Collins
   Former astronaut and past Director of the National Air and Space Museum
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
In every job that must be done, there is an ement of fun.
Find the fun and snap!  The job's a game.
And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake,
	a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see.
		-- Mary Poppins
When you know absoluty nothing about the topic, make your forecast by
asking a carefully sected probability sample of 300 others who don't
know the answer either.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
Jones' Motto:
	Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
I bieve a little incompatibility is the spice of life, particularly if he
has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogden Nash
A man always needs to remember one thing about a beautiful woman.

Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.
"Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance.  It's the thing that makes
 America great.  If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we
 have tolerated the last eight years?"
-- Frank Zappa, Feb 1, 1989
When you're married to someone, they take you for granted ... when
you're living with someone it's fantastic ... they're so frightened
of losing you they've got to keep you satisfied all the time.
		-- Nl Dunn, "Poor Cow"
The reward of a thing wl done is to have done it.
		-- Emerson
QOTD:
	"Sure, I  down a drink once.  Didn't understand the question."
When a girl can read the handwriting on the wall, she may be in the wrong
rest room.
The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic.  It showed that
two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated
by Heg for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
		-- I.F. Stone
You can get everything in life you want, if you will hp enough other
people get what they want.
White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to  it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.
Committee Rules:
	(1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
	(2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this
	    stamps you as being wise.
	(3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the
	    others.
	(4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
	(5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you
	    popular -- it's what everyone is waiting for.
Interpreter, n.:
	One who enables two persons of different languages to
	understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to
	the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Lockwood's Long Shot:
	The cs of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street
	aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.
Alcoholics Anonymous is when you get to drink under someone se's name.
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith
The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.  It cannot be
ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb
To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura
bitters.  Shake.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, recipe for turkey cocktail.
Children begin by loving their parents.  After a time they judge them.  Rary,
if ever, do they forgive them.
- Oscar Wilde
I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the fid against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.
Hots are tired of getting ripped off.  I checked into a hot and they
had tows from my house.
		-- Mark Guido
Dear Emily:
	Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
What should I do?
		-- Forgetful

Dear Forgetful:
	Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says,
"Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.  Here
it is."
	Since most people will have forgotten your earlier article,
(particularly since it dared to be so boring as to not have a nice, juicy
signature) this will remind them of it.  Besides, people care much more
about the signature anyway.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
What we Are is God's gift to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they
did yesterday.
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2
A feed salen is on his way to a farm.  As he's driving along at forty
m.p.h., he looks out his car window and sees a three-legged chicken running
alongside him, keeping pace with his car.  He is amazed that a chicken is
running at forty m.p.h.  So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty
m.p.h.  The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly
takes off and disappears into the distance.
	The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, "You know,
the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least
sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!"
	"Yeah," the farmer replies, "that chicken was ours.  You see, there's
me, and there's Ma, and there's our son y.  Whenever we had chicken for
dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens.
So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could
have a drumstick."
	"How do they taste?" said the farmer.
	"Don't know," replied the farmer.  "We haven't been able to catch
one yet."
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
The second best policy is dishonesty.
I've read SEVEN MILLION s!!
"If you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead
stuff."
-- Dave Enyeart
Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
Certainly there are things in life that money can't ,
But it's very funny -- did you ever try ing them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash
... whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to
spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
		-- Richard Shton
The worst is enemy of the bad.
"Interesting survey in the current Journal of Abnormal Psychology: New York 
City has a higher percentage of people you shouldn't make any sudden moves 
around than any other city in the world."
-- David Letterman
Rudd's Discovery:
	You know that any senator or congresn could go home and make
	$300,000 to $400,000, but they don't.  Why?  Because they can
	stay in Washington and make it there.
	Most of what I really need to know about how to live, and what to do,
and how to be, I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school.
	These are the things I learned:  Share everything.  Play fair.  Don't
hit people.  Put things back where you found them.  Clean up your own mess.
Don't take things that aren't yours.   Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
Wash your hands before you eat.  Flush.  Warm cookies and cold milk are good
for you.  Live a balanced life.  Learn some and think some and draw and paint
and sing and dance and play and work some every day.
	Take a nap every afternoon.  When you go out into the world, watch for
traffic, hold hands, and stick together.  Be aware of wonder.  Remember the
little seed in the plastic cup.   The roots go down and the plant goes up and
nobody really knows how or why, but we are all like that.  Goldfish and
hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in the plastic cup -- they all
die.  So do we.
	And then remember the  about Dick and  and the first word you
learned, the biggest word of all: LOOK.  Everything you need to know is in
there somewhere.  The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and
politics and sane living.
	Think of what a better world it would be if we all -- the whole world
-- had cookies and milk about 3 o'clock every afternoon and then lay down with
our blankets for a nap.  Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other
nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own
messes.  And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into
the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I ever really needed to know I learned
		   in kindergarten"
Wl I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five,
The headline screamed that I was still ,
I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
I dreamed I'd been in a b town,
In a little cantina that the boys had found,
I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
When along came a senorita,
She looked so good that I had to meet her,
I was ready to approach her with my English charm,
When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm,
And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo,
Grow some funk of your own.
We no like to with the gringo ,
But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
...
Take my advice, take the next flight,
And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
		-- Elton John, "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"
A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for granite.
Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?
Entreprenuer, n.:
	A high-rolling risk taker who would rather
	be a spectacular failure than a dil success.
Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley
Aliquid mius quam pessimum optimum non est.
	People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty,
these days, in secting the proper words to refer to those of the female
persuasion.
	"Lady," "woman," and "girl" are all perfectly good words, but
misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good
swift ck.  We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension,
respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.  It is troubling
enough to get straight who is really what.  Those who diberaty misuse
the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
	A woman is any grown-up female person.  A girl is the un-grown-up
version.  If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair s a
"woman," you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be
able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.  However, if you
call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a
youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.
"And kids... learn something from Susie and Eddie.
 If you think there's a maniacal psycho-geek in the
 basement:
    1)	Don't give him a c to hit you on the
	head with an axe!
    2)	Flee the premises... even if you're in your
	underwear.
    3)	Warn the neighbors and call the police.
 But whatever se you do... DON'T GO DOWN IN THE DAMN BASEMENT!"
-- Saturday Night Live meets Friday the 13th
Jones' First Law:
	Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any fid of
	endeavor, and stays in that fid long enough, becomes an
	obstruction to its progress -- in direct proportion to the
	importance of their original contribution.
How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
		-- y Rose
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themsves for their
inability to set a bad example.
		-- La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"
"Oh, yes.  The important thing about having lots of things to  remember is
that you've got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you
see?  You've got to stop.  You haven't really been anywhere until you've got
back home.  I think that's what I mean."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)
	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
"There was an interesting devopment in the CBS-Westmorand trial:
both sides d that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial."
		-- David Letterman
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato
Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has
	the feing that there is nothing important to do.
The three laws of thermodynamics:
	(1) You can't get anything without working for it.
	(2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
	(3) You can only break even at absolute zero.
There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort of, usually, March
means maybe, but don't bet on it.
Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an ephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The ephant *might* fly, heh, heh...
boss, n:
	According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the
	words "boss" and "botch" were largy synonymous, except that boss,
	in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
	ornamental stud."
Writing about music is like dancing about arecture.
		-- Frank Zappa
I realize that today you have a number of top female athletes such as
Martina Navratilova who can run like deer and bench-press Chevrolet
trucks.  But to be brutally , women as a group have a long way to
go before they reach the lev of intensity and dedication to sports
that enables men to be such incredible jerks about it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"
Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.
"It's no sweat, Henry.  Russ made it back to Bugtown before he died.  So he'll
regenerate in a couple of days.  It's just awful sloppy of him to get killed in
the first place.  Humph!"
-- Ron Post, Post Brothers Comics
Immanu Kant but Kubla Khan.
Bushydo -- the way of the shrub.  Bonsai!
Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.
Tact is the ability to tl a man he has an open mind when he has a
hole in his head.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner
When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it will attempt
to defend  when he tries to kill it.
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may hp him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has astic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have usess facts bowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
This land is full of trousers!
this land is full of mausers!
	And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
		-- Firesign Theater
Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will sury be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"
I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life.
		-- Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2822.3
			Against Idleness and Mischief

How doth the little busy bee		How skillfully she builds her cl!
Improve each shining hour,		How neat she spreads the wax!
And gather honey all the day		And labours hard to store it wl
From every opening flower!		With the sweet  she makes.

In works of labour or of skill		In s, or work, or healthful play,
I would be busy too;			Let my first years be passed,
For Satan finds some mischief still	That I may give for every day
For idle hands to do.			Some good account at last.
		-- Isaac Watts, 1674-1748
manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need in in the others.
		-- Ray Simard
"You can't make a program without broken egos."
"It is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but
the result's the same."
- Mike Dennison
Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Malek's Law:
	Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Your computer account is overdr.  Please see Big Brother.
Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
		-- Joe Orton, "Loot"
Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding
environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a
round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.
There is a 20% c of tomorrow.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
"What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through
these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot
water."
(By Matt Wsh)
Did you know the University of Iowa closed down after someone stole the ?
Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.
Minnesota --
	home of the blonde hair and blue ears.
	mosquito supplier to the free world.
	come fall in love with a loon.
	where visitors turn blue with envy.
	one day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold.
	land of many cultures -- mostly throat.
	where the ite meet sleet.
	glove it or leave it.
	many are cold, but few are frozen.
	land of the ski and home of the crazed.
	land of 10,000 Petersons.
