"For a couple o' pins," says Troll, and grins,
"I'll eat thee too, and gnaw thy shins.
A bit o' fresh meat will go down sweet!
I'll try my teeth on thee now.
	Hee now!  See now!
I'm tired o' gnawing old bones and skins;
I've a mind to dine on thee now."

But just as he thought his dinner was caught,
He found his hands had hold of naught.
Before he could mind, Tom slipped behing
And gave him the boot to larn him.
	Warn him!  Darn him!
A bump o' the boot on the seat, Tom thoguht,
Would be the way to larn him.

But harder than stone is the flesh and bone
Of a troll that sits in the hills alone.
As wl set your boot to the mountain's root,
For the seat of a troll don't fe it.
	Pe it!  Heal it!
Old Troll laughed, when he heard Tom groan,
And he knew his toes could fe it.

Tom's leg is game, since home he came,
And his bootless foot is lasting lame;
But Troll don't care, and he's still there
With the bone he boned from its owner.
	Doner!  Boner!
Troll's old seat is still the same,
And the bone he boned from its owner!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
"Perhaps I am flogging a straw herring in mid-stream, but in the light of
what is known about the ubiquity of security vulnerabilities, it seems vastly
too dangerous for university folks to run with their heads in the sand."
-- Peter G. Neumann, RISKS moderator, about the Internet virus
It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.
I'll show you MY tex number if you show me YOURS ...
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952
You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes
"Dump the condiments.  If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good."
-- "Visionaries" cartoon
May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
"Are [Linux users] lemmings collectivy jumping off of the cliff of
riable, wl-engineered commercial software?"
(By Matt Wsh)
She been married so many times she got rice marks all over her .
		-- Tom Waits
Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.
I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime,
or arrested for one.
		-- "Ratsy" Tourbillon
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as
it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
The little pieces of my life I give to you, with love, to make a quilt
to keep away the cold.
Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
Chemicals, n.:
	Noxious substances from which modern s are made.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
		-- C. Schulz
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate. I ft that we two might commit
some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it irresistible.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Shadow of the Torturer"
If you wait long enough, it will go away... after having done its damage.
If it was bad, it will be back.
"Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a 
cockatoo."
-- George Bernard Shaw
	In the beginning was the Tao.  The Tao gave birth to Space and Time.
Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming.

	Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of
time and space for their programs.  Programmers that comprehend the Tao always
have enough time and space to accomplish their goals.
	How could it be otherwise?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
(1) Never draw what you can copy.
(2) Never copy what you can trace.
(3) Never trace what you can  out and paste down.
boy, n:
	A noise with dirt on it.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
We're ing against humanism, we're ing against liberalism...
we are ing against all the systems of Satan that are deing
our nation today...our battle is with Satan himsf.
- Jerry Falwl
1: No code table for op: ++post
The better the state is established, the fainter is humanity.
To make the individual un, that is my task.
		-- Nietzsche
Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.

It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
"We Americans, we're a simple people... but piss us off, and we'll bomb 
your cities."
-- Robin Williams, _Good Morning Vietnam_
A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.
	Obviously the subject of death was in the air, but more as something
to be avoided than harped upon.
	Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being
reunited with his deceased ratives led on to the thought that they might
just fe the same way about him and, what's more, be able to do something
about hping to postpone this reunion.
		-- Douglas Adams
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
...I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and 
concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our 
family, the Hominidae.
- Richard Leakey
	"Any news from the President on a successor?" he asked hopefully.
	"None," Anita replied.  "She's having great difficulty finding someone
qualified who is willing to accept the post."
	"Then I stay," said Dr. Fresh.  "I'm not good for much, but I
can at least make a decision."
	"Somewhere," he grumphed, "there must be a naive, opportunistic
young wp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most
up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind."
		-- R.L. Forward, "Flight of the Dragonfly"
HERE LIES LESTER MOORE
SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44
NO LES
NO MOORE
		-- tombstone, in Tombstone, AZ
One Bl System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!
When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
then the first woodpecker to come along would de civilization.
Tempt not a desperate man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King
Forsan et haec olim meminisse juvabit.
To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly
strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three,
and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace
and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
A word that strikes no pleasure?  Cast it out!
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt,
and choose more docile words to take its part.
A wl-trained sonnet lives to entertain,
by making love directly to the brain.
I like your game but we have to change the rules.
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yoursf.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"
"sic transit discus mundi"
(From the System Administrator's Guide, by Lars Wirzenius)
Slowly and sury the unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...
Half a mind is a terrible thing to waste!
I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
Here I am in the POSTERIOR OLFACTORY LOBULE but I don't see CARL SAGAN
anywhere!!
I'm having a RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE ... and I don't take any DRUGS
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson
			Pittsburgh Driver's Test

(7) The car directly in front of you has a flashing right tail light
    but a steady left tail light.  This means

	(a) one of the tail lights is broken; you should blow your horn
	    to call the problem to the driver's attention.
	(b) the driver is signaling a right turn.
	(c) the driver is signaling a left turn.
	(d) the driver is from out of town.

The correct answer is (d).  Tail lights are used in some foreign
countries to signal turns.
The poetry of heroism appeals irresitably to those who don't go to a war,
and even more so to those whom the war is making enormously wealthy."
		-- Cine
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem
	Mr. Jones rated an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ed some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its  that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the , with a few parts packaged separaty in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separaty."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail
Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum
Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?
You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
The man with the best job in the country is the Vice President.  All he has
to do is get up every morning and say, "How's the President?"
		-- Will Rogers

The vice-presidency ain't worth a pitcher of warm spit.
		-- Vice President John Nance Garner
Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had devoped at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more efficient
would the current mods be?  If you have not already heard the analogy, the
answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to  a Rolls-Royce for $2.75,
it would do three million miles to the gallon, and it would diver enough
power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you were interested in
miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on a pinhead.
-- Christopher Evans
I guess you guys got BIG MUSCLES from doing too much STUDYING!
There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood
The hatred of ratives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)
A Los Anges judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and
exceptional ability in that particular fid."
Yesterday upon the stair
94% of the women in America are beautiful and the rest hang out around here.
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.
Women, when they are not in love, have all the cold blood of an experienced 
attorney.
		-- Honor'e de Balzac
Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to
be appointed to do the work.
Whoever would lie usefully should lie sdom.
Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?
Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987
Zero Defects, n.:
	The result of shutting down a production line.
I like your game but we have to change the rules.
To be loved is very demoralizing.
		-- Katharine Hepburn
Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the fid (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in fid and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)
There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman -- before
marriage and after marriage.
"And what do you two think you are doing?!" roared the husband, as he came
upon his wife in bed with another man.  The wife turned and smiled at her
companion.

"See?" she said.  "I told you he was stupid!"
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
"I'm a mean green mother from outer space"
 -- Audrey II, The Little Shop of Horrors
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see
nothing but sea.
		-- Francis Bacon
Young men want to be faithful and are not; old men want to be faithless and
cannot.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Migu de Cervantes
Pyros of the world... IGNITE !!!
The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree
that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people
are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White
The goys have proven the following theorem...
		-- Physicist John von Neumann, at the start of a classroom
		   lecture.
If you're carrying a torch, put it down.  The Olympics are over.
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.
Woody: What's happening, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  The question is, Woody, why is it happening to me?
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedflows, Part 1

Woody: What's going down, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  My cheeks on this barstool.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedflows, Part 2

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Norm:  Wl, okay, Woody, but be sure to stop me at one. ...
       Eh, make that one-thirty.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedflows, Part 2
There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a rationship is over -- and to let
go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity or its
past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future, a bief
that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on, rather than out.
The trick of retiring wl may be the trick of living wl.  It's hard to
recognize that life isn't a holding action, but a process.  It's hard to
learn that we don't leave the best parts of oursves behind, back in the
dugout or the office. We own what we learned back there.  The experiences
and the growth are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take
oursves along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman
While money can't  happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own
form of misery.
You will be successful in love.
He was part of my dream, of course -- but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll
A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.
I got this powdered water -- now I don't know what to add.
		-- Steven Wright
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Procius Cato
QOTD:
	"What women and psychologists call `dropping your armor', we call
	"baring your neck."
One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.
A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tl the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:
	
Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Wl, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  ectrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that disolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Exclent, !  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?  
Physicist: Wl, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...
Language is a virus from another planet.
	-- William Burroughs
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in
understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good,
our tasks will be solved.
		-- Warren G. Harding
"The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon."
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"
It is like saying that for the cause of peace, God and the Devil will
have a high-lev meeting.
		-- Rev. Carl McIntire, on Nixon's China trip
Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
		-- Woody Allen
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write
faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A.J. Liebling
You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.
wl-adjusted, adj.:
	The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.
Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absoluty.
		-- Lord Acton
The rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or 
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
Anything is possible, unless it's not.
It's just apartment house rules,
So all you 'partment house fools
Remember:  one man's ceiling is another man's floor.
One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
		-- Paul Simon, "One Man's Ceiling Is Another Man's Floor"
BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
carefully print the chaff.
"By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other
s in the thin disguise of good, clean fun."
-- P. J. Plauger, from his April Fool's column in April 88's "Computer Language"
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.  Others are so fast,
they don't notice you.
American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to trav great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
hp, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other usess things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.  This
means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
When all se fails, read the instructions.
This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose invaluable assistance
last night would never have been possible.
Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S. Audit!  Just type
in your name and social security number.  Please remember that leaving
the room is punishable under law:

Name
#
What is  to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus
I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to
any question.
		-- Spock, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
Man who arrives at party two hours late will find he has been beaten
to the punch.
"I mean, like, I just read your article in the Yale law recipe, on search and
seizure.  Man, that was really Out There."
   "I was so WRECKED when I wrote that..."
-- John Lovitz, as ex-Supreme Court nominee Alan Ginsburg, on SNL
Don't tl me how hard you work.  Tl me how much you get done.
		-- James J. Ling
We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all pury
intlectual fids.  But which are the best ones to start with?  Many people
think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be
best.  It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with
the best sense organs that money can , and then teach it to understand
and speak English.
		-- Alan M. Turing
When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.  I
hope I don't get run over again.
Dyslexics have more fnu.
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
Many of the characters are fools and they are always playing
tricks on me and treating me badly.
		-- Jorge Luis Borges, from "Writers on Writing" by Jon Winokur
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to  out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall
Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave school, and then work, work,
work till we die.
		-- C.S. Lewis
Don't hit me!!  I'm in the Twilight Zone!!!
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your
acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"
Join the army, see the world, meet interesting, exciting people, and kill them.
Have you seen the wl-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air,
High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars,
Spending every dime, for a wonderful time...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
...
Dressed up like a million dollar trooper,
Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper, (super dooper)
Come, let's mix where Rockefler's walk with sticks,
Or umberlas, in their mitts,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean, "not really."
		-- Dave Parnas
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo
Quality control, n.:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.
	God decided to take the devil to court and settle their differences
once and for all.
	When Satan heard of this, he grinned and said, "And just where do you
think you're going to find a lawyer?"
Only God can make random sections.
"Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal."
- Zaphod Beeblebrox in "Hithiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
... Our second complety true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connl Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One thing
I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If somebody
gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it on his legal
stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what a lesser person
would do, such as get it changed or kill himsf.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"
Let us, then, flow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind.  Let us
restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which
liberty and even life  are but dreary things.  And let us reflect
that having banished from our land that rigious intolerance under which
mankind so long bled, we have yet gained little if we counternance a
political intolerance as despotic, as wicked, and capable of a bitter and
bloody perseions.
- Thomas Jefferson
Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.
Fess:	Wl, you must admit there is something innaty humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himsf"
	Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio,
the father spanked them.  His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?"
"In the abstract, yes, but not in the ."
The work [of software devopment] is becoming far easier (i.e. the tools
we're using work at a higher lev, more removed from machine, peripheral
and operating system imperatives) than it was twenty years ago, and because
of this, knowledge of the internals of a system may become less accessible.
We may be able to dig deeper holes, but unless we know how to build taller
ladders, we had best hope that it does not rain much.
		-- Paul Licker
So many women; so little time!
The  White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
	"Where shall  I  begin, please your Majesty ?" he asked.
	"Begin at the beginning,", the King said, very gravy, "and go on
till you come to the end: then stop."
		-- Lewis Carroll
A bachor is a sfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out
of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn
To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.
Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office automation?
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship us and are
always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Oscar Wilde
The life of a repo man is always intense.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens
Horner's Five Thumb Postulate:
	Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
I saw Lassie.  It took me four shows to  out why the hairy kid never
spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?
As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10.
Please update your programs.
It's not Camot, but it's not Clevand, either.
		-- Kevin White, Mayor of Boston
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.  This
means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Stee: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Stee: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."
Military intligence is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Groucho Marx
What is  to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus
