Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
		-- Walt Kelly
... that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan
Pilfering Treasury property is paticularly dangerous: big thieves are
ruthless in punishing little thieves.
		-- Diogenes
"We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company."
How many retured bricklayers from FLORIDA are out purchasing PENCIL
SHARPENERS right NOW??
Love, which is quickly kindled in a gentle heart,
	seized this one for the fair form
	that was taken from me-and the way of it afficts me still.
Love, which absolves no loved one from loving,
	seized me so strongly with delight in him,
	that, as you see, it does not leave me even now.
Love brought us to one death.
		-- La Divina Commedia: Inferno V, vv. 100-06
	Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.
According to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing
severe marketing anxiety in China.
	The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending
on the inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".
	Bite the wax tadpole.
	There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?
	The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard
to get a whole column out of it. I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, The San Francisco Chronicle
italic, adj:
	Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases.  Unique to
	Western alphabets; in Eastern languages, the same phrases
	are often slanted to the left.
"Turn on, tune up, rock out."
-- Billy Gibbons
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand
If I pull this SWITCH I'll be RITA HAYWORTH!!  Or a SCIENTOLOGIST!
I'd rather laugh with the sinners,
Than cry with the saints,
The sinners are much more fun!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"
Life is like bein' on a mule team.  Unless you're the lead mule, all the
scenery looks about the same.
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.
You can't evaluate a man by logic alone.
		-- McCoy, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
Sigmund Freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field
of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry.
The bank called to tell me that I'm overdrawn,
Some freaks are burning crosses out on my front lawn,
And I *can't*believe* it, all the Cheetos are gone,
	It's just ONE OF THOSE DAYS!
		-- Weird Al Yankovic, "One of Those Days"
We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow
Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it,
and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
"The Street finds its own uses for technology."
-- William Gibson
Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and everything else
follows in the same way.
		-- Alan J. Perlis
Children begin by loving their parents.  After a time they judge them.
Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
		-- Oscar Wilde
A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson
If there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them.
		-- Spock, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.7
Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(9) Roads are salted in order to

	(a) kill grass.
	(b) melt snow.
	(c) help the economy.
	(d) prevent potholes.

The correct answer is (c). Road salting employs thousands of persons
directly, and millions more indirectly, for example, salt miners and
rustproofers.  Most important, salting reduces the life spans of cars,
thus stimulating the car and steel industries.
"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
Lavoris in the toilet."
		-- Jay Leno
I B M
U B M
We all B M
For I B M!!!!
		-- H.A.R.L.I.E.
Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
genealogy, n.:
	An account of one's descent from an ancestor
	who did not particularly care to trace his own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell
It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will
take full responsibility for you.
At the end of your life there'll be a good rest, and no further activities
are scheduled.
Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail,
	And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail;
I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues,
	I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

If you think that it's nice that you get what you C,
	Then go : illogical statement with your whole family,
'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
	I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze,
	But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse,
	I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
		-- Core Dumped Blues
Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor.

INSTRUCTION SET
	Code	Mnemonic	What
	0	NOP		No Operation
	1	JMP		Jump (address specified by next 2 bits)

Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
> > Other than the fact Linux has a cool name, could someone explain why I
> > should use Linux over BSD?
>
> No.  That's it.  The cool name, that is.  We worked very hard on
> creating a name that would appeal to the majority of people, and it
> certainly paid off: thousands of people are using linux just to be able
> to say "OS/2? Hah.  I've got Linux.  What a cool name".  386BSD made the
> mistake of putting a lot of numbers and weird abbreviations into the
> name, and is scaring away a lot of people just because it sounds too
> technical.
(Linus Torvalds' follow-up to a question about Linux)
The Following Subsume All Physical and Human Laws:
	(1) You can't push on a string.
	(2) Ain't no free lunches.
	(3) Them as has, gets.
	(4) You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
	In the beginning was the Tao.  The Tao gave birth to Space and Time.
Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming.

	Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of
time and space for their programs.  Programmers that comprehend the Tao always
have enough time and space to accomplish their goals.
	How could it be otherwise?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back
east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible
Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium
because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard,
by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social
grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on
television?" and "Good night".
		-- Goodman Ace, letter to Groucho Marx, in The Groucho
		   Letters, 1967
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra
Leave no stone unturned.
		-- Euripides
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
Roumanian-Yiddish cooking has killed more Jews than Hitler.
		-- Zero Mostel
A beer delayed is a beer denied.
It is exactly because a man cannot do a thing that he is a proper judge of it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the
number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
My pants just went to high school in the Carlsbad Caverns!!!
Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet
To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones,
as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
The steady state of disks is full.
		-- Ken Thompson
Quality Control, n.:
	The process of testing one out of every 1,000 units coming off
	a production line to make sure that at least one out of 100 works.
One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so,
because they bite.
		-- Vladimir Il'ich Lenin
USENET would be a better laboratory is there were more labor and less oratory.
		-- Elizabeth Haley
"Shelter," what a nice name for for a place where you polish your cat.
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
	A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating
his morning meal.  "I would like to give you this personality test", said
the outsider, "because I want you to be happy."
	Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the
toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".
Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
	there is nothing important to do.
"... all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned
products, if they are built at all, are dogs!"
		-- David E. Lundstrom, "A Few Good Men From Univac",
		   MIT Press, 1987
statistics, n.:
	A system for expressing your political prejudices in convincing
	scientific guise.
Fortune's Exercising Truths:

1:  Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic.  You don't.
2.  Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart.  So do heart attacks.
3.  Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life.
4.  Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing.
5.  No matter what anyone tells you, isometric exercises cannot be done
    quietly at your desk at work.  People will suspect manic tendencies as
    you twitter around in your chair.
6.  Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys mosts is tripping joggers.
7.  Locking four people in a tiny, cement-walled room so they can run around
    for an hour smashing a little rubber ball -- and each other -- with a hard
    racket should immediately be recognized for what it is: a form of insanity.
8.  Fifty push-ups, followed by thirty sit-ups, followed by ten chin-ups,
    followed by one throw-up.
9.  Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.
The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and
sometimes three.
		-- Alexandre Dumas
Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
A musician, an artist, an architect:
	the man or woman who is not one of these is not a Christian.
		-- William Blake
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of
	body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary
There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
Everywhere I look I see NEGATIVITY and ASPHALT ...
There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater
"Unibus timeout fatal trap program lost sorry"
- An error message printed by DEC's RSTS operating system for the PDP-11
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
		-- Arthur Miller
Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen
"Money is the root of all money."
-- the moving finger
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
		-- Errol Flynn

Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
		-- Errol Flynn
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
- Mark Twain
Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out to have been a
phenomenon, not a civilization.
		-- Shirley Hazzard, "Transit of Venus"
Are we on STRIKE yet?
All men have the right to wait in line.
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.  Others are so fast,
they don't notice you.
Yow!  Now we can become alcoholics!
The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher,
	Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
	Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!
		-- Ogden Nash
	A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
	The housewife replied, "Four!".
	The accountant said, "It's either 3 or 4.  Let me run those figures
through my spread sheet one more time."
	The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a
hushed voice, "How much do you want it to be?"
I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
		-- Firesign Theatre
Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
		-- Norman Mailer
Avoid cliches like the plague.  They're a dime a dozen.
The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying.
Upon the hearth the fire is red,
Beneath the roof there is a bed;
But not yet weary are our feet,
Still round the corner we may meet
A sudden tree or standing stone
That none have seen but we alone.	Still round the corner there may wait
  Tree and flower and leaf and grass,	A new road or a secret gate,
  Let them pass!  Let them pass!	And though we pass them by today
  Hill and water under sky,		Tomorrow we may come this way
  Pass them by!  Pass them by!		And take the hidden paths that run
					Towards the Moon or to the Sun,
Home is behind, the world ahead,	  Apple, thorn, and nut and sloe,
And there are many paths to tread	  Let them go!  Let them go!
Through shadows to the edge of night,	  Sand and stone and pool and dell,
Until the stars are all alight.		  Fare you well!  Fare you well!
Then world behind and home ahead,
We'll wander back to home and bed.
  Mist and twilight, cloud and shade,
  Away shall fade!  Away shall fade!
  Fire and lamp, and meat and bread,
  And then to bed!  And then to bed!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his 
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
	"One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure
knows when to stop."
"The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody 
appreciates how difficult it was."
-- Walt West
It's a lot of fun being alive ... I wonder if my bed is made?!?
Humor in the Court:
Q: So, after the anesthesia, when you came out of it, what did you observe
   with respect to your scalp?
A: I didn't see my scalp the whole time I was in the hospital.
Q: It was covered?
A: Yes, bandaged.
Q: Then, later on.. what did you see?
A: I had a skin graft. My whole buttocks and leg were removed and put on top
   of my head.
It's hard to drive at the limit, but it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss
Editing is a rewording activity.
Van Roy's Law:
	An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.
Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
Cahn's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.
It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
		-- Spock, "The Enterprise" Incident", stardate 5027.3
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
		-- Erma Bombeck
It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged
to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the
youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Despising machines to a man,
The Luddites joined up with the Klan,
	And ride out by night
	In a sheeting of white
To lynch all the robots they can.
		-- C. M. and G. A. Maxson
To be awake is to be alive.  -- Henry David Thoreau, in "Walden"
Regnant populi.
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
This is an especially good time for you vacationers who plan to fly, because
the Reagan administration, as part of the same policy under which it
recently sold Yellowstone National Park to Wayne Newton, has "deregulated"
the airline industry.  What this means for you, the consumer, is that the
airlines are no longer required to follow any rules whatsoever.  They can
show snuff movies.  They can charge for oxygen.  They can hire pilots right
out of Vending Machine Refill Person School.  They can conserve fuel by
ejecting husky passengers over water.  They can ram competing planes in
mid-air.  These innovations have resulted in tremendous cost savings which
have been passed along to you, the consumer, in the form of flights with
amazingly low fares, such as $29.  Of course, certain restrictions do apply,
the main one being that all these flights take you to Newark, and you must
pay thousands of dollars if you want to fly back out.
		-- Dave Barry, "Iowa -- Land of Secure Vacations"
One should always be in love.  That is the reason one should never marry.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
		-- One of Lazarus Long's most penetrating insights
It is inconceivable that a judicious observer from another solar system
would see in our species -- which has tended to be cruel, destructive,
wasteful, and irrational -- the crown and apex of cosmic evolution.
Viewing us as the culmination of *anything* is grotesque; viewing us
as a transitional species makes more sense -- and gives us more hope.
- Betty McCollister, "Our Transitional Species", 
  Free Inquiry magazine, Vol. 8, No. 1
The bigger the theory the better.
Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than
a gallon of vinegar.
		-- B. Franklin
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
		-- Mark Twain
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand
years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man
is and will always be a wild animal.
-- Charles Galton Darwin
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
SCCS, the source motel!  Programs check in and never check out!
		-- Ken Thompson
I'd rather have two girls at 21 each than one girl at 42.
		-- W.C. Fields
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a
fundamental error.  Be thankful you are not my student.  You would not get a
high grade for such a design :-)
(Andrew Tanenbaum to Linus Torvalds)
%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory
VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
Now that you've read Fortune's diet truths, you'll be prepared the next
time some housewife or boutique-owner-turned-diet-expert appears on TV
to plug her latest book.  And, if you still feel a twinge of guilt for
eating coffee cake while listening to her exhortations, ask yourself
the following questions:

	(1) Do I dare trust a person who actually considers alfalfa sprouts a
	    food?
	(2) Was the author's sole motive in writing this book to get rich
	    exploiting the forlorn hopes of chubby people like me?
	(3) Would a longer life be worthwhile if it had to be lived as
	    prescribed ... without French-fried onion rings, pizza with
	    double cheese, or the occasional Mai-Tai?  (Remember, living
	    right doesn't really make you live longer, it just *seems* like
	    longer.)

That, and another piece of coffee cake, should do the trick.
"Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again."
-- Marvin The Paranoid Android
Nothing happens.
Please go away.
A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?
Forsan et haec olim meminisse juvabit.
"It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set foot."
hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.
Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship
the number zero?

Is nothing sacred?
court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
You humans are all alike.
Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?
It has been said that man is a rational animal.  All my life I have
been searching for evidence which could support this.
		-- Bertrand Russell
Running Windows on a Pentium is like having a brand new Porsche but only
be able to drive backwards with the handbrake on.
(Unknown source)
Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6

	"But, soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?"
	It's nothing, honey.  Go back to sleep.
Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised)
are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse
at are called software.
		-- Levitating Trains and Kamikaze Genes: Technological
		   Literacy for the 1990's.
Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation):

Horses have an even number of legs.  Behind they have two legs, and in
front they have fore-legs.  This makes six legs, which is certainly an
odd number of legs for a horse.  But the only number that is both even
and odd is infinity.  Therefore, horses have an infinite number of
legs.  Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere,
there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.  But that is a horse
of another color, and by the lemma ["All horses are the same color"],
that does not exist.
The evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective
support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has
its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way.
Thus the familiar argument that there is an instinctive desire for immortality,
and that this desire proves it to be a fact, becomes puerile when it is
recalled that there is also a powerful and widespread fear of annihilation,
and that this fear, on the same principle proves that there is nothing
beyond the grave.  Such childish "proofs" are typically theological, and
they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to 
flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents....
- H. L. Mencken
Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.
A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
		-- Don Marquis
Shaw's Principle:
	Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
	want to use it.
"Even more amazing was the realization that God has Internet access.  I
wonder if He has a full newsfeed?"
(By Matt Welsh)
Give him an evasive answer.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
	"Reintegration complete," ZORAC advised.  "We're back in the
universe again..."  An unusually long pause followed, "...but I don't
know which part.  We seem to have changed our position in space."  A
spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the
starfield surrounding the ship.
	"Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us,"
ZORAC announced after a short pause.  "The designs are not familiar, but
they are obviously the products of intelligence.  Implications: we have
been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown,
and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious."
		-- James P. Hogan, "Giants Star"
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.  -- James Baldwin
I KAISER ROLL?!  What good is a Kaiser Roll without a little COLE SLAW
on the SIDE?
The garden is in mourning;
The rain falls cool among the flowers.
Summer shivers quietly
On its way towards its end.

Golden leaf after leaf
Falls from the tall acacia.
Summer smiles, astonished, feeble,
In this dying dream of a garden.

For a long while, yet, in the roses,
She will linger on, yearning for peace,
And slowly
Close her weary eyes.
		-- Hermann Hesse, "September"
Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
		-- Robert Carson
You're working under a slight handicap.  You happen to be human.
